Présentation:
 Good morning/afternoon/evening ladies and gentlemen, Thank you for being here today.
 I'm Sanaa BAKKAR from Morocco.

Slide 3: 
Rating in general case, is used to provide indication of consumer opinions and 
also to ameliorate the productivity of a company.is a method that requires the rater to 
assign a value, sometimes numeric, to the rated object, as a measure of some rated attribute
Ratings have huge influence on the price and demand for certain products.

Slide 4:
In our case, we worked for a company which need to evaluate their products compared to different
departments and that from different criterea of each product. 

Slide 7:
Here we will present The planning with Gantt Chart and the the Conception using different
 diagram : use Case diagram, class diagram and sequence diagrams.

Slide 8:
During our internship, we worked with the following planning insisting on giving 
a time to discover the project, preparng a site structure, doing implementation
and then testing our application. Finally, to keep track of all aspects in our 
application and to make information easily accessible we made a documentation as 
the latest task.


Slide 9: 
Moving to the Conception and exactly to Class Diagram,it explain that 
Our application consist to offer to the user of each department the possibility to 
rate the products of the company. Only the user with the admin role is allowed to 
create a rating list and to manage the products.

Slide 13:
Here we pass to The implementation of our project and the technology used in

Slide 14: 
On the one hand, we used for the front end of our application:HTML5, CSS, JavaScript,
 Boostrap and Font awesome to create the stars of our rating system and the footer.

Slide 15: 
on the other hand, in the back end we used php as a server side scripting 
language suited for web based technologies and it can be embedded into HTML, is a 
"Server side HTML embedded scripting language",A good benefit of using PHP is that 
it can interact with many different database languages including MySQL


